update ruby readme (#6)
evervault/evervault-ruby: README.md

<p>
  <a href="https://welcome.evervault.com/"><img src="res/logo.svg"></a>
</p>

<p>
  <a href="https://github.com/evervault/evervault-ruby/actions?query=workflow%3Aevervault-unit-tests"><img alt="Evervault unit tests status" src="https://github.com/evervault/evervault-ruby/workflows/evervault-unit-tests/badge.svg"></a>
</p>

# Evervault Ruby SDK

The [Evervault](https://evervault.com) Ruby SDK is a toolkit for encrypting data as it enters your server, and working with Cages.

## Getting Started

Before starting with the Evervault Ruby SDK, you will need to [create an account](https://app.evervault.com/register) and a team.

For full installation support, [book time here](https://calendly.com/evervault/cages-onboarding).

## Documentation

See the Evervault [Ruby SDK documentation](https://docs.evervault.com/ruby).

## Installation

There are two ways to install the Ruby SDK.

#### 1. With Gemfile

Add this line to your application's `Gemfile`:

```ruby
gem 'evervault'
```

Then, run:

```sh
bundle install
```
#### 2. By yourself

Just run:

```sh
gem install evervault
```

## Setup

There are tw ways to make Evervault available for use in your app.

#### 1. As a singleton

> The singleton pattern is recommended because eusing your Evervault client prevents additional overhead of loading keys at Cage runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The singleton pattern is recommended to prevent additional overhead of loading keys at Cage runtime when creating new Clients.
```
I think this reads better - `because` doesn't tie the sentence together well imo.

```ruby
require "evervault"

# Initialize the client with your team's API key
Evervault.api_key = <YOUR-API-KEY>

# Encrypt your data and run a cage

> result = Evervault.encrypt_and_run(<CAGE-NAME>, { hello: 'World!' })
> 
> # Process the encrypted data in a Cage
> result = Evervault.run(<CAGE-NAME>, encrypted)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
encrypted_data = Evervault.encrypt({ hello: 'World!' })

# Process the encrypted data in a Cage
result = Evervault.run(<CAGE-NAME>, encrypted_data)
```

result = evervault.encrypt_and_run(<CAGE-NAME>, { hello: 'World!' })
```

## Reference

> The Evervault Ruby SDK exposes seven methods.

Reviewer 2: I think what @jonnyom means is that, saying the actual _number_ of methods is not needed, and we have to always be keep an eye on it with every update, which can be error-prone. So we might as well change to:

```suggestion
These are the methods exposed by our Ruby SDK.
```

Or something like it?

Reviewer: Something like it, we had a chat in engineering that it was mainly the phrasing rather than the number that was the core issue. Words like `at present` didn't sit correctly. Keeping on top of the number is an additional pain, but knowing how many methods there are can be useful too, I guess

result = evervault.encrypt_and_run(<CAGE-NAME>, { hello: 'World!' })
```

## Reference

> At present, there are seven methods available in the Ruby SDK.

Reviewer: I don't think this gives us anything and we'll have to keep coming around and updating it any time we make a change.
```suggestion
```

Author: went with: "The Evervault Ruby SDK exposes seven methods."
